- HOT IN CLEVELAND
IS RECORDED
IN FRONT OF
A LIVE STUDIO AUDIENCE.
LOOK, I CAN DO IT THIS TIME.
I CAN LOOK HAPPY.
TRY ANOTHER ONE.
- OKAY.
AND THE WINNER
OF THE ACADEMY AWARD
FOR BEST SUPPORTING ACTRESS
IS...
HELEN MIRREN.
- [bleep].
- HONEY, YOU CAN'T SAY THAT
ON TV.
- OH, I KNOW.
WHY AM I INCAPABLE
OF FAKING HAPPINESS
FOR OTHER PEOPLE?
MELANIE, HOW DO YOU DO IT?
- I'M NOT FAKING IT.
I AM GENUINELY HAPPY
WHEN OTHERS DO WELL.
- BUT...WHY?
WELL, AT LEAST
WITH ELKA SITTING NEXT TO ME,
SOMEONE WILL SMILE CONVINCINGLY
IF I LOSE.
- AGAIN,
ELKA IS STAYING
IN CLEVELAND.
HER CITY COUNCIL ELECTION'S
THE SAME NIGHT
AS THE OSCARS.
I'M YOUR DATE NOW.
MELANIE LOST THE COIN TOSS.
- AND I AM GENUINELY HAPPY
FOR YOU, JOY.
- WOW.
THAT WAS SO GRACIOUS.
YOU KNOW, I CAN DO THAT.
NO, NO, NO.
JOY, ANNOUNCE THE WINNER AGAIN.
- OKAY.
AND THE ACADEMY AWARD
GOES TO...
HELEN MIRREN.
- [bleep].
WAS THAT BETTER?
- OH, LOOK!
GEORGE CLOONEY LOOKS SO CUTE.
- HOW DID IT GO
AT THE LATINO FESTIVAL?
- OH, GREAT.
THEY'RE ALL GONNA VOTE
FOR ME.
- BECAUSE YOU LIED TO THEM,
LIKE YOU LIE TO EVERYONE.
SHE PROMISED THEM
SHE'D MAKE SPANISH
THE OFFICIAL LANGUAGE
OF CLEVELAND.
- CAMPAIGN PROMISES--
THEY'RE LIKE JOY'S DATES.
THEY DO THE DEED,
AND THEN THEY DISAPPEAR.
- OOH, HEY,
WHILE YOU WERE OUT,
DID YOU SEE THE BILLBOARDS
FOR MY RADIO SHOW?
- YES, IT'S A BEAUTIFUL PICTURE
OF YOU.
- THANK YOU.
IT'S ALL PART OF
THIS NEW MARKETING CAMPAIGN.
AND THE STATION MANAGER--
WELL, HE LET ME BRING THIS HOME.
- OH, WOW.
- GORGEOUS.
- THEY MAY HAVE PHOTOSHOPPED IT
JUST A ITTY-BITTY-BITTY BIT.
- JUST LIKE YOU.
- IT'S WONDERFUL
YOU DON'T CARE
WHAT PEOPLE ARE SAYING ABOUT IT
ON PHOTOSHOPFLOP.COM.
- WHAT?
WHAT'S PHOTOSHOPFLOP.COM?
- IT'S A WEBSITE WITH PICTURES
OF FAMOUS PEOPLE
BEFORE AND AFTER THEY'VE
"ALLEGEDLY" BEEN ALTERED.
- OH, MY GOD.
THEY TOOK
THIS TOTALLY UNFLATTERING
"BEFORE" PICTURE OF ME
AND POSTED IT RIGHT NEXT
TO WHAT I REALLY LOOK LIKE.
OKAY, MAYBE I HAVE GAINED
A FEW POUNDS
SINCE I BROKE MY FOOT
AND I HAVEN'T BEEN ABLE
TO EXERCISE,
BUT THIS IS JUST MEAN.
- I PROMISE,
IF I'M ELECTED,
I WILL SEE THAT ANYONE
WHO MAKES FUN OF YOU
IS KILLED.
- I APPRECIATE THAT, ELKA,
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT?
MAYBE THIS IS JUST
MY WAKE-UP CALL.
I AM NOT GONNA LEAVE THIS HOUSE
UNTIL I LOOK LIKE HER.
[doorbell rings]
ALL I HAVE TO DO
IS NOT EAT
AND AVOID
ANY EMOTIONAL TRIGGERS
THAT ARE GONNA MAKE ME
WANT TO EAT.
[chuckles]
- HI, BABY.
- OH, MY GOD.
IT'S MY MOM.
AND I'M PRETTY SURE
I JUST GAINED 5 POUNDS.
[upbeat music]
- ♪ BA-BA, BA-BA ♪
♪ BA-BA, BA-BA ♪
♪ HEY! ♪
- LOOK, MELLY,
WHEN I SAW
THOSE AWFUL COMMENTS ONLINE
OF PEOPLE CALLING YOU FAT--
- WELL, THEY DIDN'T
ACTUALLY SAY "FAT."
- DID YOU READ ALL OF THEM?
BECAUSE I DID.
- STUPID PHOTOSHOPFLOP.COM.
HORRIBLE WEBSITE.
- I AGREE.
EVERY DAY I LOOK AT IT,
I'M APPALLED.
I'M HERE TO SUPPORT YOU
ANY WAY I CAN.
IF YOU'RE GOING ON A BIG DIET,
I'M GOING ON A BIG DIET.
- OKAY, FOR DINNER,
I WAS THINKING
KALE AND QUINOA--
- WHOA!
NOBODY CAN START A DIET
THIS LATE IN THE DAY.
IT'S NOT SAFE.
MACAROONS, GIRLS?
- OH, I COULDN'T.
- OH, NEITHER COULD I.
WE HAVE TO FIT INTO OUR GOWNS
FOR THE ACADEMY AWARDS
NEXT WEEK.
- THAT'S RIGHT.
OH, IF I WAS GOING
TO THE ACADEMY AWARDS,
I'D BE STRESS-EATING
LIKE CRAZY.
AND YET LOOK AT
THE TWO OF YOU.
WHAT'S YOUR SECRET
TO DEALING WITH STRESS?
- I DRINK.
- I SLEEP AROUND.
- I ADMIRE YOUR DISCIPLINE.
- WOULD YOU LIKE TO SEE
MY GOWN?
- OH, A SNEAK PEEK!
HOW EXCITING!
- I'LL SHOW YOU MINE TOO.
- OH!
- WHAT DO YOU THINK?
I DECIDED TO GO
SIMPLE YET STUNNING.
- WAIT.
WHERE HAVE I SEEN
THAT DRESS BEFORE?
OH, THAT'S RIGHT.
TMZ.
SOMEONE LEAKED THE GOWN
CHARLIZE THERON IS WEARING.
- WHAT?
I'M WEARING THE SAME DRESS
AS CHARLIZE THERON?
- OH, DON'T WORRY.
IT'LL LOOK A LOT DIFFERENT
ON HER.
- OH, THIS IS A DISASTER.
I'M GOING TO BE
THE LOWEST SCORE EVER
ON "WHO WORE IT BETTER?"
I WISH I COULD JUST KNOW
IF I WON.
OTHERWISE,
I--I'D RATHER STAY IN BED.
- OH, LIKE JOAN CRAWFORD.
SHE SKIPPED THE AWARDS
ONE YEAR
BECAUSE SHE THOUGHT
SHE WOULD LOSE.
- RIGHT.
I SAW THAT IN  MOMMIE DEAREST.
THE NETWORKS PUT CAMERAS
BY HER FAKE SICKBED,
YOU KNOW, TO FILM HER
IN CASE SHE WON.
BUT ACTRESSES WERE CRAZY
BACK THEN.
- I'LL DO IT.
OH, THANK YOU,
JOAN CRAWFORD,
FOR YOUR INSPIRING EXAMPLE.
- YOU DON'T HEAR THAT
VERY OFTEN.
- THEN IT'S SETTLED.
THE ACADEMY
WILL HAVE TO COME TO ME.
WE ARE ALL GOING TO STAY
IN CLEVELAND.
NO ONE IS GOING
TO THE OSCARS.
- HERE IT IS.
IT COST A FORTUNE.
BUT I'VE ALWAYS DREAMED
OF GOING TO THE ACADEMY AWARDS
EVER SINCE
I WAS A LITTLE GIRL,
AND NOW THAT DREAM
IS COMING TRUE.
- HERE, JOY,
HAVE A COOKIE.
- EXCUSE ME, SIR.
DID YOU DROP THIS $20 BILL?
- "VOTE OSTROVSKY"?
- SOUNDS LIKE GOOD ADVICE.
- ELKA, BAD NEWS.
PEOPLE ARE SAYING
COUNCILMAN POWELL
IS BUYING VOTES
FOR $10 APIECE.
- I'M APPALLED.
I'VE BEEN PAYING 20.
- IT GETS WORSE.
HE'S HOLDING A BIG
"GET OUT THE VOTE" RALLY TONIGHT
IN PORT LEE.
- THERE'S ONLY ONE BRIDGE
BETWEEN HERE AND PORT LEE,
RIGHT?
- YES.
- SOUNDS LIKE IT'S TIME
FOR SOME TRAFFIC PROBLEMS
ON THE BRIDGE
TO PORT LEE.
- THIS WAS A GREAT IDEA,
VICTORIA.
- WITH ELECTIONS TODAY
AND THE OSCARS TONIGHT,
I THOUGHT WE SHOULD ALL
FREE OUR MINDS
AND MEDITATE ON WHAT'S
REALLY IMPORTANT.
- WINNING.
- WINNING GLORIOUSLY.
- I'M NOT WORRIED ABOUT TONIGHT.
- ELKA DID A TERRIBLE THING.
SHE CAUSED A TRAFFIC JAM
ON THE BRIDGE TO PORT LEE.
- HOW DID SHE DO THAT?
- SHE SENT A MASS EMAIL
TO THOUSANDS OF SENIORS
SAYING THAT'S WHERE THEY COULD
MEET THEIR FAVORITE STARS
FROM THE WEATHER CHANNEL.
- I ALSO TOLD THEM
THE BRIDGE TOLL
WOULD BE HALF PRICE
IF THEY PAID IN PENNIES.
- YOU KNOW,
THIS MASK SMELLS DELICIOUS.
HMM, AVOCADO AND HONEY.
- AND THERE'S NO CALORIES
IF IT'S ON YOUR FACE.
- WHY IS IT
WHENEVER I'M ON A DIET,
ALL I CAN THINK ABOUT
IS FOOD?
IT'S ALMOST LUSTFUL.
- I SAW A STUDY THAT SAID
THAT 52% OF WOMEN
WOULD CHOOSE CHOCOLATE
OVER SEX.
- I SURE NEVER TOLD
A BAR OF CHOCOLATE
I WAS TOO SLEEPY.
[laughter]
- YOU KNOW,
MEN SAY THEY LOVE CURVES,
BUT WHAT THEY'RE REALLY SAYING
IS, THEY LOVE BOOBS.
IF SOFIA VERGARA'S BREAST FAT
WAS IN HER BELLY,
THEY WOULDN'T LOVE HER CURVES
SO MUCH.
- THOSE THINGS ARE GONNA SAG.
- BIG-TIME.
- ANY DAY NOW.
- AND WHY DO WE DO THAT?
JUDGE EACH OTHER SO HARSHLY,
GRAB MAGAZINES WITH PICTURES
OF CELEBRITY CELLULITE.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
WE WOMEN--
WE NEED TO CREATE
A JUDGMENT-FREE ZONE.
- I'M SO GLAD TO HEAR YOU
SAY THAT, MELANIE,
BECAUSE I'VE BEEN WANTING
TO SHARE MY STORY.
GROWING UP,
I WAS SO SKINNY.
I'D EAT AND EAT
ANYTHING I WANTED
AND NEVER PUT ON AN OUNCE.
TO THIS DAY, I HAVE TROUBLE
KEEPING ON WEIGHT.
CHEESE, FRENCH FRIES,
CHOCOLATE, WINE--
THEY ALL FALL RIGHT OFF.
OH, IT'S SO NICE
TO SAY THESE THINGS
AND NOT BE JUDGED.
- YOU KNOW, MELANIE,
WE'VE BEEN GOOD SO FAR,
AND WE GOT
THE ANKLE WEIGHTS ON,
SO EVEN BREATHING'S
AN EXERCISE.
WE DESERVE A TREAT.
HOW ABOUT SOME FROZEN YOGURT,
SPRINKLES,
AND MAYBE SOME
GUMMY BEARS?
- NO, MOM.
WE'RE ON A DIET.
- COME ON.
GUMMY BEARS--
THEY'RE PRACTICALLY FRUIT.
- I AM NOT GONNA REWARD MYSELF
WITH FOOD.
YOU KNOW, YOU'VE BEEN DOING THAT
SINCE I WAS A KID.
- OH, SO IT'S ALL MY FAULT.
IT'S ALWAYS
THE MOTHER'S FAULT.
- NO,
IT'S NOT ALL YOUR FAULT.
I'M JUST SAYING
YOU'RE NOT HELPING ME.
- WELL,
IF I'M NOT HELPING YOU,
MAYBE I SHOULD GET OUT
OF HERE.
- MOM, DON'T RUN AWAY
FROM ME.
- TOO LATE.
I'M OUT OF HERE.
- YEAH, WELL,
NOT IF I CATCH YOU.
- CAN YOU BELIEVE
SHE ATE HER FACE MASK?
- STILL IN THE ROOM.
- I CAN'T BELIEVE
IT'S OSCAR NIGHT.
JOY, I'M SORRY
YOU COULDN'T WEAR YOUR GOWN.
BUT THE GOOD NEWS IS,
THE WHITE OF YOUR UNIFORM
IS BOUNCING LIGHT
INTO MY HAIR.
- THAT IS GOOD NEWS.
- OH, IT'S ALL SET.
I HAVE MY LOVELY NURSE
BY MY SIDE.
AND GEORGE CLOONEY
WILL BE SITTING RIGHT HERE
IN HIS ADORABLE
DOGGY TUX,
STAYING PUT BECAUSE I PUT
A LITTLE BACON GREASE ON MY LEG.
COULD YOU OPEN THAT WINDOW
JUST A SKOSH
SO THE CANDLES FLICKER,
MAKING MY EYES DANCE?
[buzzing]
NOW, IF I WIN--
AND WE ALL KNOW I SHOULD--
A RED LIGHT WILL APPEAR
ON THAT CAMERA,
WHICH WILL BE A DIRECT FEED
TO THE NETWORK BROADCAST.
I GAZE AT MY ADORING FANS
AND DESPISING PEERS,
MAKE A QUICK GASP OF SURPRISE,
LIKE THIS...
[gasps]
BEE!
- HOW'D IT GO WITH YOUR MOM?
- OH, TERRIBLE.
SHE'S ON HER WAY
TO THE AIRPORT NOW.
YOU KNOW, I TRIED TO HAVE
A REASONABLE CONVERSATION
WHERE I CALMLY EXPLAINED TO HER
THAT SHE WAS THE CAUSE
OF ALL MY PROBLEMS,
AND SOMEHOW SHE TOOK OFFENSE.
[sighs]
ANY ELECTION NEWS?
- IT'S NECK AND NECK.
- THEY'RE TALKING
ABOUT PORT LEE.
TURN IT UP.
- NO ONE CAN EXPLAIN WHY,
BUT TRAFFIC IS MOVING
VERY, VERY SLOWLY
ON THE BRIDGE TO PORT LEE.
- THEY CAN'T PIN IT ON ME.
[phone rings]
- MAMIE SUE JOHNSON.
UH-HUH.
IT'S THE  PLAIN DEALER.
THEY'RE PINNING IT ON YOU.
THEY HAVE A COPY
OF THE PORT LEE EMAIL.
- TELL THEM I HAVE
NO PRIOR KNOWLEDGE OF THIS.
- ELKA OSTROVSKY
HAD NO PRIOR KNOWLEDGE OF THIS.
- SHE'S GONNA FIRE
THE PERSON RESPONSIBLE.
- SHE'S GOING TO FIRE
- MAMIE SUE JOHNSON.
THAT'S ME.
YOU CHRIS CHRISTIE'D ME!
- IT'S JUST POLITICS.
- YOU KNOW, IF I AM FIRED,
I SHOULD GO.
NO NEED TO DRIVE ME HOME.
I'LL TAKE THE BUS
YOU THREW ME UNDER.
- MOST OF THE SWELLING
IS ON THE INSIDE OF YOUR MOUTH.
THE REST I MADE LOOK LIKE
A CINDY CRAWFORD BEAUTY MOLE.
- WELL, WITH LIGHTING,
YOU CAN HIDE ANYTHING.
RUMOR HAS IT,
EVA MENDES HAS A HUNCHBACK.
- YOU STARTED THAT RUMOR.
- AND IT NEVER CAUGHT ON
THE WAY I'D HOPED.
WELL, WE JUST NEED TO MOVE
ALL THE CANDLES
TO THE GOOD SIDE
OF MY FACE.
- CAREFUL.
THERE'S A LOT OF CHEMICALS
IN THE AIR
FROM YOUR HAIR SPRAY,
AND IT COULD CATCH ON--
[gasps]
- I KNOW.
I KNOW.
I SHOULDN'T DRINK
ON AN EMPTY STOMACH.
BUT MY MOM'S NOT HERE,
SO I CAN DO WHAT I WANT.
- IF YOU'RE DONE TALKING
TO YOUR WINE GLASS,
I'M TRYING TO HEAR THE TV.
- OH, LOOK, I THINK
THEY'RE GOING TO SAY WHO WON.
- WITH 80% OF THE VOTES COUNTED,
WE ARE CALLING
THE HOTLY CONTESTED
TENTH COUNCIL DISTRICT RACE
FOR ELKA OSTROVSKY.
- YOU WON!
- I WON?
[cheering]
- WHAT'S ALL THE SCREAMING
ABOUT DOWN HERE?
- ELKA WON.
- OH, CONGRATULATIONS.
- HEY, WHAT'S ALL THE SCREAMING
ABOUT UP THERE?
- OH, VICTORIA GOT STUNG
BY A BEE,
AND HER HAIR CAUGHT ON FIRE,
BUT IT'S ALL GOING
TO BE FINE.
- WE'RE TOLD THAT
EX-COUNCILMAN POWELL
WILL BE CALLING OSTROVSKY SOON
TO GRACIOUSLY CONCEDE.
[phone rings]
- HEY, POWELL.
NO, YOU GO TO HELL.
NO,
YOU GO TO HELL.
NO, YOU GO TO HELL!
- THE TURBAN TOTALLY WORKS.
IT SELLS YOUR ILLNESS WITH
CLASSIC OLD HOLLYWOOD GLAMOUR.
- SO I MIGHT START A TREND?
- SURE.
WHY NOT?
- WELL, WE HAVE AN HOUR
TO RELAX.
CHECK OUT THE LIVE FEED.
LET'S SEE WHAT'S GOING ON
AT THE OSCARS.
- THE ACADEMY AWARDS
WILL BE RIGHT BACK
WITH THE AWARDS FOR
BEST SOUND EDITING...
- TOTAL SNOOZE FEST.
WE GOT TIME.
- AND BEST ACTRESS
IN A SUPPORTING ROLE.
- WHAT?
ALREADY?
- OH, MY GOD.
YOU TOLD US YOUR CATEGORY
WASN'T UP FOR ANOTHER HOUR.
- NO, WELL,
THAT'S WHAT THEY TOLD ME.
THEY SAID IT WOULD BE ON
AT 5:30.
AND SINCE THERE'S
A FOUR-HOUR TIME DIFFERENCE
BETWEEN ACTUAL TIME
AND OHIO TIME--
- IT'S A THREE-HOUR DIFFERENCE,
YOU COTTON-HEADED ACTRESS.
- OH, GOD!
I COULD BE ON CAMERA ANY SECOND.
I'M NERVOUS.
I NEED WINE.
- NO. I COULD BE ON CAMERA TOO.
[gasps]
- WHAT THE HELL
AM I GONNA DO?
THEY'RE ABOUT TO ANNOUNCE
MY CATEGORY.
- DON'T PANIC.
WE'LL JUST TURN YOUR JACKET
AROUND.
REMEMBER WHEN CELINE DION
WORE THAT BACKWARDS TUX
TO THE OSCARS?
- SHE LOOKED LIKE
A MENTALLY CHALLENGED CATERER.
- YES, BUT A GORGEOUS,
SEXY, YOUNG
MENTALLY CHALLENGED CATERER.
- I'M LISTENING.
- I SHARE THIS AWARD
WITH MY ASSISTANT SOUND EDITOR
AND BEST FRIEND,
CHELSEA MYERS.
I COULDN'T HAVE WON
WITHOUT YOU.
- I COULDN'T HAVE WON
WITHOUT MAMIE SUE.
- AND WINNING WOULDN'T BE FUN
WITHOUT YOU.
- YOU'RE RIGHT,
BORING SOUND GUY.
- MOST OF ALL,
I WANT TO THANK MY MOTHER.
MOM, I'D GIVE ANYTHING TO
HAVE YOU HERE WITH ME TONIGHT.
THIS IS FOR YOU.
HUG YOUR MOMS, EVERYONE.
[applause]
- NOW BORING SOUND GUY
IS RIGHT ABOUT ME.
BUT I CAN'T HUG MY MOM
BECAUSE I CHASED HER AWAY.
AND YOU KNOW WHO I BLAME?
- YOURSELF?
- NO.
HER.
AND THIS--
THIS UNREALISTIC IDEA
OF WHAT WOMEN
ARE SUPPOSED TO BE.
I BLAME HER
AND--AND HOLLYWOOD
AND--AND SOCIETY!
EVERYONE BUT ME!
- YOU SHOULD EAT SOMETHING.
- IVY JOHNSON FOR
NIGHT OF THE HEREAFTER.
- HURRY UP.
CAN YOU STILL SEE
THE WINE STAINS ON MY SLEEVES?
- NO. IT'S OKAY.
I'LL JUST TIE THEM BEHIND YOU.
- AND VICTORIA CHASE
FOR  CLEVELAND RHAPSODY.
- OH, GOD. THAT'S ME.
HURRY.
- IT'S DONE.
YOU'RE GOOD.
- I CAN'T MOVE MY ARMS.
DO I LOOK LIKE
I'M WEARING A STRAITJACKET?
- NO.
YOU'RE STUNNING.
- AND THE OSCAR GOES TO
HELEN MIRREN.
- [bleep]!
- AND VICTORIA CHASE.
- WHAT?
- IT'S A TIE!
[both scream]
- YOU WON!
THE RED LIGHT'S ON!
WE'VE BEEN ON TV
THE WHOLE TIME.
[no audio]
- OH, MY GOD.
- DID JOY GET STUNG
BY A BEE TOO?
- THAT'S HER BREAST.
AND LOOK AT THAT AUDIENCE--
JUDGING THEM.
WELL, I'M JUDGING ALL OF YOU
SKINNY BITCHES!
AND I FIND YOU GUILTY!
- OH, MY GOD.
OH, MY GOD.
THANK YOU, ACADEMY.
STOP IT.
STOP IT, GEORGE CLOONEY.
I'M SORRY.
GEORGE CLOONEY
IS HUMPING MY LEG.
'CAUSE YOU SEE, HE'S ATTRACTED
TO MY BACON SMELL.
BECAUSE HE'S A DOG.
GEORGE CLOONEY IS A DOG.
I'M NOT CRAZY!
NURSE,
SHOW AMERICA GEORGE CLOONEY.
UH, YES, I WISH I COULD BE THERE
WITH ALL OF YOU,
BUT I DONATED MY LIVER.
- KIDNEY.
- KIDNEY, RIGHT.
AND WHILE I KNOW
I LOOK HORRIBLE--
- NO, YOU DO NOT
LOOK HORRIBLE.
Y-YOU PEOPLE IN HOLLYWOOD,
YOU'RE THE HORRIBLE ONES.
- MELANIE, WHAT THE HELL
ARE YOU DOING?
- I'M TAKING A STAND.
SHAME ON YOU, HOLLYWOOD
AND ALL YOU SIZE ZERO DRESSES.
THIS IS WHAT NORMAL
LOOKS LIKE.
AND, MOM, I'M SORRY.
I-I LOVE YOU.
- I'M SORRY, MAMIE SUE.
I'M SO SORRY.
I SHOULDN'T HAVE THROWN YOU
UNDER THE BUS.
- MUSIC!
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD,
PLEASE, PLAY ME OFF!
[orchestral fanfare]
- OH, THANK YOU, SUSAN LUCCI.
IT WAS SO NICE OF YOU
TO CALL ME
AND CONGRATULATE ME
ON WINNING AN OSCAR.
OH, THAT'S RIGHT.
I CALLED YOU.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
I WON AN OSCAR.
- WHAT AN AMAZING NIGHT.
TO VICTORIA AND ELKA.
THE ONLY DOWNSIDE WAS THAT
A BILLION PEOPLE SAW MY BOOB.
- OH, STOP COMPLAINING, JOY.
YOU'RE MAKING A MOUNTAIN
OUT OF A MOLEHILL.
- I THOUGHT THE WHOLE THING
WAS WONDERFUL,
ESPECIALLY WHEN YOU CAME ON
AND TALKED ABOUT ME.
BUT YOU DIDN'T
HAVE TO APOLOGIZE, ELKA.
- OH, YES, I DID, MAMIE SUE.
YOU'RE MY BEST FRIEND.
- IT WAS ACTUALLY
KIND OF EXCITING
TO BE AT THE CENTER
OF A SCANDAL.
A FEW OF THE BAD BOYS FROM
THE SENIOR CENTER FRIENDED ME.
- THANKS FOR COMING BACK,
MOM.
- WELL, I HAD TO
AFTER I HEARD
THAT ACCEPTANCE SPEECH
AT THE AIRPORT.
- I'M SO EMBARRASSED.
[chuckles]
- ALL I HEARD WAS,
"I LOVE YOU, MOM."
OR AT LEAST THAT'S WHAT
I THINK YOU SAID.
EVERYONE AROUND ME
WAS LAUGHING SO HARD.
- I REALLY AM SORRY,
'CAUSE I REALLY DO APPRECIATE
THAT YOU FLEW ALL THE WAY
TO OHIO TO SUPPORT ME.
- WELL, READING
THOSE CRUEL COMMENTS ONLINE
REMINDED ME OF WHEN YOU HAD
YOUR SCOLIOSIS BRACE
IN HIGH SCHOOL AND THE BOYS
WEREN'T ASKING YOU OUT
AND THE MEAN GIRLS
WERE TEASING YOU.
OH, I MISS THOSE DAYS.
- WHAT?
- I MEAN, THOSE NIGHTS
IN THE KITCHEN,
TALKING IT OUT
WHILE WE MADE BROWNIES.
WE WERE SO CLOSE, AND I LOVED
MAKING YOU FEEL BETTER.
- OH, BROWNIE NIGHTS
DID MAKE ME FEEL BETTER.
AND DEEP-FRIED TWINKIE NIGHTS--
OH, I FELT LIKE I WAS
BEING HUGGED
BY A THOUSAND
CREAM-FILLED ANGELS.
- OKAY, IN HINDSIGHT,
MAYBE I DID REINFORCE
SOME BAD PATTERNS.
- YEAH, BUT MAYBE
I'VE GOTTEN TO AN AGE
WHERE I HAVE TO STOP BLAMING
MY MOM
FOR THE THINGS THAT I DO.
- OH, SWEETIE,
YOU'RE NEVER TOO OLD
TO BLAME YOUR MOTHER.
I STILL BLAME MINE.
YOUR GRANDMOTHER
WAS A PIECE OF WORK.
- YEAH, MAYBE
IT'S ALL HER FAULT.
- I CAN LIVE WITH THAT.
- OH, HEY, YOU TWO,
I KNOW YOU'RE DIETING,
BUT WOULD YOU LIKE
SOME CAKE AND CHAMPAGNE?
- ABSOLUTELY.
- IT'S A WELL-KNOWN RULE
THERE ARE NO CALORIES
IN CELEBRATION FOOD.
- WHOSE RULE IS THAT?
both:
IT'S A RULE.
[upbeat music]
- ♪ BA-BA, BA-BA ♪
♪ BA-BA, BA-BA ♪
♪ ♪
♪ HEY! ♪